Added common reliable check to detect jest,vitest and mocha testing framework. (#1807)
iTwin/iTwinUI: .changeset/twelve-rules-glow.md

> ---
> '@itwin/itwinui-react': minor
> ---
> 
> Added check to detect `jest`,`vitest` and `mocha` testing framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
'@itwin/itwinui-react': patch
---

iTwinUI will now also check for `vitest` and `mocha` (in addition to `jest`) before running any code that would cause problems in these test runners.
```
